DESCRIPTION

    This project deploys a instance on AWS. It install emby for media streaming, sickrage for series snatching and transmission for torrent downloading.
The only configuration needed will be explained on *DEPLOY* and after that you'll just have to configure the servers by adding your series.
This project was developed so you will never have to SSH into the instance to configure nothing nor look into your AWS console for the instance ip.


DEPLOY

    To deploy this applications just execute "deploy.sh" and follow its steps to configure your terraform credentials.
It will install and deploy terraform code for you.
Terraform will launch one t2.micro with a root device and a low cost drive attached to store the episodes and it WILL NOT DELETE ON TERMINATION

TRANSMISSION
    Access web UI on "instance-ip:9091"
    Transmission is already configured to monitor for .torrent on "/transmission" and download them to the mountpoint /mnt/sickrage
Transmission allows you to upload .torrent files from it's web UI, so if sickrage does not snatch some episode or if you want to download a movie, feel free to upload it.

SICKRAGE
    Access web UI on "instance-ip:8081"
    Sickrage needs to be configured to it's right paths on the web UI only once
        - send .torrent to blackhole on /downlaods
        - configure Search Clients and Search Providers as you want
        - configure the video quality download size limits
        - configure subtitles as you want
        - add your series as you wish
 
EMBY
    Access web UI on "instance-ip:8096"
    Emby will stream you every media you download. You will only need to follow through it's web UI first configuration.
        - "/seres" is the path of you media

UPLOAD SUBTITLE

    Sometimes sickrage does not download properly episodes subtitles. There is a script in this project for you to download manually on you PC and upload the subtitle.
    In the server there will be a script running as a DAEMON to pick the subtitle you uploaded and move it to the correct episode location automatically.


    
    